@Author: Gilbert Loiseau
@Date:   2021/12/19
@Email:  gjowl04@gmail.com
@Filename: ideas.txt
@Last modified by:   Gilbert Loiseau
@Last modified time: 2021/12/19

"""
This file contains a list of ideas that I want to implement for my NBA data, and how I would like to one day implement it into a website.
"""

Sections for the website so far:
  -Fantasy
  -Box Scores
  -Daily Stats (and predictions? This needs to take a training algorithm of some sort)
  -Advanced Stats (and predictions? This needs to take a training algorithm of some sort)
  -Who's on pace for history?

//Fantasy
Stream targets depending on matchups: Steven Adams isn’t a hold, but if he’s playing 2 teams with
smaller big men ( and maybe lower ranked in categories that he’s good in) could be a good stream

Also try to find some combination of stats that will help predict the list of
potential breakout players of the season (go through most improved candidates
from the past and see what changed)

//Box Scores
My own box score viewer: pull the data of each game from nba.com and plant into my own
box score. I can also add in images of my own stats and analyses/of other peoples’ scoring metrics. Could also add in a shot chart for team and players using that one r-plot analyzer. Start with just end of the day get the data, eventually move it to updating by the hour.
Output a new box score: include things like usage, RAPTOR, screen assists, potential assists, etc.

//Advanced Stats
I should write code that gets the data from basketball reference and projects
how well a player will do the next season? How do you forward project though?
PER? Big games per year? VORP? DWS? Consistency? Shot selection?
What are things that are likely to trend up?

Take into account usage rate and how it will change depending on the players
on the team, assuming players with increased percentages will get more usage
and touches (and same with players in contract years and such as well)

Also an output file that will pull out top x percentile and a couple players around
each in that percentile (need to figure out what statistic method I want to use for this)

Similar to power rankings on nba.com, make weekly stats
 -best and worst in some stats per the week/month/etc.

Output the cats they are best in and the cats you may want to punt with each player,
that way can kinda come up with the ideal draft plan when also factoring in the projected
draft positions

Records when teams shoots x% from 3, midrange, etc.

For information that likely isn't found on https://www.basketball-reference.com/
  -Would be an interesting thing to look into the random stats (running around screens,
   how much running on the court vs walking, time in defensive stance vs not, etc.)
  -Random efficiency stats (ts and fg% that they hold people to)
  -Charges drawn per game

Contract stuff similar to prox graphs (show performance against actual contract over time)

Referees: which refs and ref combos do each team have the most wins with, losses, etc.
last 5 years is probably a good sample size (is there a way to tell refs for better or worse?
Like number of calls/types of calls?)
